Add alpha module enable & disable commands (#1508)
kyma-project/cli: docs/gen-docs/kyma_alpha_enable_module.md

---
title: kyma alpha enable module
---

> Enables a module in the cluster or in the given Kyma resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables a module in the cluster or in the given Kyma resource.
```

---
title: kyma alpha enable module
---

Enables a module in the cluster or in the given Kyma resource.

## Synopsis

Use this command to enable Kyma modules available in the cluster.

### Detailed description

For more information on Kyma modules, see the 'create module' command.

This command enables an available module in the cluster. 
A module is available when it is released with a ModuleTemplate. The ModuleTemplate is used for instantiating the module with proper default configuration.

```bash
kyma alpha enable module [name] [flags]
```

## Examples

```bash

Enable "my-module" from "alpha" channel in "default-kyma" in "kyma-system" Namespace
		kyma alpha enable module my-module -c alpha -n kyma-system -k default-kyma

```

## Flags

```bash

>   -c, --channel string     The name of the module's channel to enable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -c, --channel string     Module's channel to enable.
```

>   -f, --force-conflicts    Force the patching of Kyma spec modules in case its managed field has already been edited by another source then Kyma CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -f, --force-conflicts    Forces the patching of Kyma spec modules in case their managed field was edited by a source other than Kyma CLI.
```

>   -k, --kyma-name string   Kyma resource to use. If empty, 'default-kyma' is used. (default "default-kyma") (default "default-kyma")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -k, --kyma-name string   Kyma resource to use. If empty, 'default-kyma' is used. (default "default-kyma")
```

>   -k, --kyma-name string   The name of the Kyma resource to use. If empty, the 'default-kyma' is used. (default "default-kyma") (default "default-kyma")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -k, --kyma-name string   Kyma resource to use. If empty, 'default-kyma' is used. (default "default-kyma") (default "default-kyma")
```

>   -n, --namespace string   Kyma Namespace to use. If empty, the default 'kyma-system' Namespace is used. (default "kyma-system") (default "kyma-system")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -n, --namespace string   Kyma Namespace to use. If empty, the default 'kyma-system' Namespace is used. (default "kyma-system")
```

>   -n, --namespace string   The name of the Kyma Namespace to use. If empty, the default 'kyma-system' Namespace is used. (default "kyma-system") (default "kyma-system")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -n, --namespace string   Kyma Namespace to use. If empty, the default 'kyma-system' Namespace is used. (default "kyma-system") (default "kyma-system")
```
